Why you should play this A Hat in Time?

It's a platformer. Yes. it is. not something unique.

oh it is.

So, platformer are getting scarce these days. back then, there was an overcomplicated platformer where you over collect things to do something. Nowadays, you'll rare to see the decent game about platformer. these child are having party on their 6th, 7th, to 8th gen game console.

There wasn't anything good.

until this one.

wait.

Where are you going? don't go! please, sit down. this should be fun.
Come here. Please, take off your E-sport Jacket for a while, and sit for a while.
It's time for you to take a break from your daily training in front of control panels. let's hear a game that is simpler than you have been learning.

Today we are going to review A hat in time by Gears for Breakfast.

it's Platformer Jaman Now (Today, nowadays), for your computer and consoles Jaman Now (today, Nowadays).

the main character special ability lies on the hat character uses. character may possess various different hats to get different power.

the character can parkour, obviously, because this is the basic of platformer.

the enemy system are pretty much simple. even different types of enemy it inherits has some special blocking, basically you attack in 3 different ways to defeat it.

even boss. you basically keep attacking until it defeats. just wait for the chance for the boss to be attackable. don't miss it.

So simple as that.

but there is a spice there is to it. it has a story.
Synopsis is, Hat kid got her spaceship door knocked by strange guy, asking toll, Hat kid refuse and close back door, but strange guy attacked the glass door, break, oxygen out and spaceship depressurized (cartoon logic, no suffocations), and the hourglass sucked out and flew everywhere around that planet. Now hat kid has to collect all of them back.
Disclaimer though that I recognize the term like Mafia, Hat kid, Time Piece, etc.
No spoiler allowed.
you must buy this game (and DLC as well, not that expensive)(lol sarcasm accident) anyway. you must experience it.
Yes, I know. I hate Expensivism (Product is not $0), I hate Proprietarism (Not Open Source), I hate Partialism (Product not full out of the box). but give him little chance anyway. you'll won't regret it. I'll take into for soon (contact JOELwindows7 ??).

what else? oh!

It was found out, this game has been researched since 2013. Jonas Kaerlev, the CEO of GfB, looking something he can put into his resume, long short, he ended up become entrepreneur, because it's too kawaii. kawaii as hekk. at lease he is. maybe some job he might possess.
Maybe this was a reason of this game created on Unreal Engine 3. NAH! this game is too good to be rant for its engine right now.
however I also appreciate if GfB able to transmigrate to latest UE4 so this game can be more

E(B)IC VICTORY ROYALE!!! DEFAULT DANCE, uh (P)EACE AND TRANQUILITY!!! XD ahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!

anyway. I wish everybody can put games to light mobile e.g. because this Epic can put F into mobile. at least few phones though as of now.

Now let's talk about progressing.
we have talked about how terrible those games at considering progress. Complicated stuffs to be considered into progress.
NOw for this game, I was impressed. the commitment it takes won't as much as a previous games we've tried before.
the only percentage it is considered as of today's writing, is TIME PIECE. and that's it. that's all.
just get all level main official level completed. Main acts, and time rifts. that's it! you're good to go.
also, Deathwishes in total only adds 10% after the 100%.
e.g. if you finish Main acts, time rifts, and deathwish, you'll 110%. check out the FAQ if you wish.
WOW! IS THAT SIMPLE?! Things like story books collected, pons, rift tokens, remixes, hats, flairs, etc. are not included in the progression percentage!!! (as of today 13 april 2019, GMT+7)
Rare to see developer put simplicity in it. most of them also considers optional collections and it's disgusting to abandon a game with the Game Completition under 100%. though had exist such simple progressed game, it's still scarce. wew.
If you reach 100% you'll see something special!. yeah! just get all time pieces (Return Home) and see what happened!

We can coop. and impressively, the 2nd player is not carbon hat kid. we have Bow kid. the character has design there is to it. cool and good!
and is compatible for all computers that is in this Steam platform. yay! (Crash Mind over mutant PS2 RAM issue refference about coop, PS2 version is still carbon crash only but XBOX360 is Coco and carbon crash).

DLC 1! We have seels. and it's UwU, OwO what's this?!
 also Deathwishes. kinda like, Not so Elusive contracts. it's bonus contracts. and they are not time limited. it's there. maybe 111 of them by default.

as of today, it supports Steam Workshop! you can mod and submit. and others plays. there are crazy hats (no axe yet, no Sableng yet, but caps), wepon, even levels. there are some levels that are made premium.
all can be just subscribed. no charges. of course. it's Steam Workshop. sharing is caring!

finally, let's talk about the main character.
we can't describe by word how does this character is appealing to people Jaman Now (these days) a.k.a. millenials.
all we can say, it's cute (EN) a.k.a. kawaii (JP).
her voice is one of the sign of it. listen to her saying. your eyes will have hearts pop out if you did not ready.
Now, about parkour, there is no reason to talk about how important is this feature since parkour is a platformer standard in our opinion.
the only things should be considered is about jump, move, dive dash, air attack, grapple (badge required!), and some hat abilities.
and those aren't too complex. you just have to get used to it.

in conclusion:
It's a parkour / platformer spiced with hats and stories which primary objectives is to collect all time pieces.
WOW Extremely Duper Juber real Duper Awesome!!! cool and good!!!

Thank you for your attention.

by JOELwindows7
Perkedel Technologies
This review text and other documents I wrote: CC4.0-BY-SA

review may not be complete and/or intentionally incomplete to avoid spoilers. please experience this game yourself/selves.

A hat in time (c) Gears for Breakfast [100%]
Dota, Steam (c) Valve [100%]
Fortnite, Unreal Engine (c) Epic Games [100%]
Crash Bandicoot (c) Naughty Dog, Activision [100%] 
Wiro Sableng (c) who??? [100%]

Please take a break. it's not good to training too much. I know you have won awards and bucks in your pocket. don't be greedy, you'll be too tired and sicc!
relax.
this game is ain't expensive. only couple tens of bucks and just a some pinch of bank notes for DLC which you should also buy.
sound track, uh, it's not too matter.
plus it has 2 player Co-op out of the box so you can play with your E-sport teammate! VS. or not VS.!
time to do something different guys!