Geogon Polymetry: The Proof Concept
Change your shape to do something!

Readme extended bellow:
This game was built under Unity. long short, it succ.
it shows terrible cannot be disabled without purchase of higher tier, Made with Unity logo.
Avoid at all cost!
Unity Pro is only available as subscription!!! no permanent single time purchase!
fck Unity!

If you want to develop AAA games, use Godot latest version instead! it is now has the similar or same Mono behaviour like the Unity. Yes, C# is available for Godot!
also you can use GDNative C++, or GDscript Python-like.

Godot is started as 2D. Unity was 3D.
Godot is native 2D. Unity is 3D locked in 2D.
Godot will have less resource compared to indifferent Unity's usage.

One day, Perkedel maybe use Godot to start their life of Hexagon Engine. They will create a bunch of prefabs like Controller, UI, Characters, and other fetishes (heartbeat, sexual, etc), and etc.
that's one of the possibility that Hexagon Engine can start.
But we're not sure. will it become the choice? we'll find out soon.
most importantly, we must have the game engine that emphasize freedom, all aspects of them. Gratis, Open Source, Full version!
pray.

SHoonbee speaks about soul composing recently. Joel has the answer. he has spoken, to the people who curious about this Moress file.
and it is.
DD-TG-58-17-SP-VL-GB
That's the Key sprout! it's another game! check it out! it's cool.
Yes, I know, Joel was too lazy to play it. but look at the concept! it's cool!
don't spoil! if spoil, fun ruins!

Explain Job tiers before Joel forgot! ft. Voice Actor tier.
- Volunteer. Initial tier when got accepted in Perkedel Technologies for certain times only. Just contribute. No salary.
- Intern. Second tier. Just like real employer but temporary too. less likely salary.
- Entry. Third tier. When proven compliant and have been great job recently, this is real employer and permanent. usual salary.
- Medium. fourth tier. being reliable and cannot leave just be like that. high salary.
- Patent. final tier. have ability that cannot be found any else. extreme salary. This tier cannot be acquired by reputation! must because of rare uniqueness out of others!

Voice Actor!!!
- Volunteer. Any Language.
- Intern. Bahasa Indonesia + Any Language.
- Entry. Bahasa Indonesia + English + Any Language. Swearings.
- Medium. Bahasa Indonesia very fluent + English fluent + optional Any Language. Swearings. Mild Anti-Wumpus. Standard heartbeat record.
- Patent. Bahasa Indonesia real native + English very fluent + optional Any Language. Real Swearings. Full Anti-Wumpus. Full Cardiophille. METICULOUSY!!!

Godot refferences
https://www.godotengine.org Godot Engine website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GlGzFeB_Tc . Change exe icon. (violation detected) no credit name of music
http://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/getting_started/step_by_step/index.html . learn Godot for the 1st time.

Issues!
This:
	Sound off sync compared to vibration by around 10 to 40 ms. check SHanpe's jump sound and collide to object on your Android device.
Super Tiled 2 Unity:
	Scale did not update composite collider! Solution: Spawn this Tiled level under Level Design, set their scale the same as the Level design scale. if Level design is 2, then this TMX is 2 as well.
	unity:isTrigger did not read! that layer of Laharr did not isTrigger despite on TMX has set to true!
Other life Issues as of this season:
	Confuse, Stress, for each homeworks
	usually is happening
	too late that I have entered University. But world still needs a degree. wish it not. If only, I don't have to waste age. extend use of space for tune up something.
	things I want becomes needed. they are too expensive for us to get.
	Quality job will be decreased because of this. sorry.
	
Trobnus!
Filer it free!

Continue Development gamepad zone
